                               Program 4

(Note that a 'file' is the same thlng as an IBM 'dataset'.)

The program maintains a database of bibliographic references.
It first reads a master file of current references, then reads a file
of reference updates, merges the two, and produces an updated master
file and a cross reference table of keywords. The first input file,
the master, contains records of 74 characters with the following
format: 

column   comment

------------------------------------------------

1- 3 each reference has a unique reference key

4 -14 author of publicatlon

15 - 72 title of publication

73 - 74 year issued


The key should be a three (3) character unique Identifier consisting
of letters between A-Z. The next input file, the update file, contains
records of 75 characters ln length. The only difference from a master
file record is that an update record has either an 'A' (capital A
meaning add) or a 'R' (capital R meaning replace) in column 75. Both
the master and update files are expected to be already sorted
alphabetically by reference key when read into the program. Update
records with action replace are substituted for the matching key
record in the master file. Records with action add are added to the
master file at the appropriate location so that the file remains
sorted on the key field. For example, a valld update record to be read
would be (including a numbered line just for reference)

123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345

BITbaker      an introduction to program testing                        83A

The program should produce two pieces of output.  It should first
print the sorted list of records in the updated master file in the
same format as the original master file.  It should then print a
keyword cross reference list.  All words greater than three characters
in a publication's title are keywords.  These keywords are listed
alphabetically followed by the key fields from the applicable updated
master file entries.  For example, if the updated master file
contained two records,

ABCkermit   introduction to software testing                            82

DDXjones    the realities of software management                        81

then the keywords are introduction, testing, realities, software, and
management.  The cross reference list should look like

introduction

   ABC

management

  DDX

realities

  DDX

software

  ABC

  DDX

testing

  ABC


Some possible error conditions that could arise and the subsequent
actions include the followlng.  The master and update files should be
checked for sequence, and if a record out of sequence is found, a
message similar to 'key ABC out of sequence' should appear and the
record should be discarded.  If an update record indicates replace and
the matching key can not be found, a message similar to 'update key
ABC not found' should appear and the update record should be ignored.
If an update record indicates add and a matching key is found,
something like 'key ABC already in file' should appear and the record
should be ignored.

(End of specification.) 
